they have been queuing for hours in the
hope of receiving food hand out but Aid
worker says many of these children will
leave with empty
stomach I regret to say we are on the
verge of a famine a real famine rice is
almost out of stock it's the second most
basic food item to flour if we run out
of rice will be consumed by famine this
is the harsh
reality
the UN says everyone in Gaza is hungry
with 40% of the strip's 2.3 million
population at risk of famine
humanitarian agencies say not enough Aid
is arriving while Israel bombs and
blockades
the the quantities of Food Supplies
available in the market these days are
very scant because no relief food items
have been delivered into Northern Gaza
Strip for more than 70 days be it rice
or flour in addition the price of rice
particularly has increased
3old for Palestinian parents the
situation is getting more desperate
every
day what matters most for a child is to
eat they want to eat more than two three
or four times a day because they play
outside all day and come back hungry the
situation is difficult extremely
difficult a
famine more than 25,000 Palestinians
have been killed in Israel monthlong war
on Gala there are no signs of the
suffering will end anytime
soon most of the people in Gaza have
been displaced several times since early
October now they have little to eat and
nowhere else left to go mm Al jaaz
ra make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer